README.md, before:

# MovieCertifications
### Scrape data on movie certifications from CBFC site

#### Step1: 
Download the repo into your system, into a folder of your choice.

#### Step2: 
Open the movies.csv on a text editor/excel as you wish.  It contains a huge list of 5L+ movies.  Each row contains two pieces of information - the movie id and lang_id, as used by the [CBFC site](https://www.cbfcindia.gov.in/main/)

Decide which movies you want to scrape - the **_from_** and **_to_** indices.

#### Step3: 
Open the MovieCertifications.ipynb and run all the cells.

When it prompts you, enter the **_from_** index, hit Enter and then enter the **_to_** index.

The notebook will continue to run.  

If you scroll down (while it runs), you'll see a running list of movie information that're getting downloaded.

Once it finishes downloading, it'll automatically export the data to a csv file in the same folder you downloaded the code files.  This csv contains the information about all movies you scraped.

#### Step4:

CSV files thus generated by all could be pooled into a common location (TBD) and merged to get the final list of 5L+ movies.

NOTE: If you want to install/upgrade the modules required for this script, go to command prompt/terminal and run pip install -r requirements.txt

Commit message:

ENH: Add a command line script and parallelize the process

README.md, after:

# Scrape data on movie certifications from CBFC site

## Installation
Run the following command in your command prompt or terminal (note that a Python
environment must be present)

```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

#### Step1: 
Download the repo into your system, into a folder of your choice.

#### Step2: 
Open the movies.csv on a text editor/excel as you wish.  It contains a huge list of 5L+ movies.  Each row contains two pieces of information - the movie id and lang_id, as used by the [CBFC site](https://www.cbfcindia.gov.in/main/)

Decide which movies you want to scrape - the **_start_** and **_end_** indices.

#### Step3: 
Run the following command in the terminal / command prompt, (assuming that the
dependencies are installed.), and once you have decided the start and end
indices.

```bash
$ python download.py --range <start-index>-<end-index>
```

For example, if you want to scrape details of movies from movie ID 2 to movie ID
102, run the following:

```bash
$ python download.py --range 2-102
```

**Note**: By default, this process will work in parallel and consume all cores on your computer. If you want to allocate only a specific number of cores to this task, add another argument `--n-jobs` to the command, as follows:
```bash
$ python download.py --range 2-102 --n-jobs 2  # Use only two cores
```
